Popcorn Linux Compiler Toolchain, Copyright Systems Software Research Group 
at Viriginia Tech, 2016.

For more information, please visit http://popcornlinux.org or e-mail
Christopher Jelesnianski (bielsk1@vt.edu).

---------
Overview
---------

The Alignment component of the Popcorn Linux Compiler Toolchain is
responsible for taking input source code and creating a custom linker
script for Binutils GOLD linker. This allows our heterogeneous-ISA binaries
to have their symbols aligned. This is a necessity in order for migration
to be possible as Popcorn Linux does not save application state thus
making migration much more light-weight. As a result though, more work
has been put into the OS and compiler to compensate for this lack of
state to go off of.

The Alignment component does several passes of compiling & recompiling
as applying alignment rules have a cascading effect on lower sections
of the executable. Therefore the linker script is created incrementally
to ensure correctness.

Specifically the alignment tool performs alignment of the following
sections within an executable:
  .text
  .rodata
  .data
  .bss
  .tdata (TLS section)
  .tbss  (TLS section)

Assumptions: The Alignment component assumes that each symbol will be
in its own section as only sections are "align-able" not the actual
symbols themselves. This is enabled by using certain flags 
(-ffunction-sections & -fdata-sections & -fno-common) generating 
object files.

The Aligment component assumes ALL source files are in the same
directory (recursive compilation is not yet supported).

------------------
Supporting Scripts
------------------

The Alignment component does not do all the analysis and compilation
by itself. In addition to the src/ directory, there is also scripts/
which contains bash scripts needed to support the java application.
Refer to that directory's README for more information about these 
scripts.

-------
Running
-------

To run just the Alignment component, 


Usage:
  
  $ ./align (MODE) (TARGET_DIR)

MODE: 
	0 denoting Homogeneous Compilation (using jmp)
	1 denoting Heterogeneous Compilation (using syscall)

TARGET_DIR:
	The absolute path to the top most directory of the target
	application.


-------------
Prerequisites
-------------

The alignment component has been developed in Java and therefore the
machine running the Compiler Toolchain needs to have at least Java 7
installed.

Note: Java is not needed on the actual heterogeneous platform, just
the machine where heterogeneous binaries for Popcorn Linux are being
compiled.

Note: Currently is being ported to python to lighten the compiler
toolchain weight.

-----------
Limitations
-----------

Refer to top level README.
