--------
Overview
--------

The stack transformation library provides the stack transformation runtime for
multi-ISA binaries.  At migration points (when a migration has been triggered)
the runtime attaches to a thread's stack and rewrites it from the current
architecture's ABI to the destination architecture's ABI.  The runtime attaches
to the outermost frame (i.e., the call frame of the most recently called
function) and unwinds the stack in its entirety, alternating between rewriting
and popping frames (for both the current and destination stacks).

The runtime logically divides a thread's stack into two halves and rewrites
from the current half to the other half, e.g., for an 8MB stack, it rewrites
from the top 4MB to the lower 4MB.  The runtime begins by completely unwinding
the source stack to find the current live function activations.  Using this
information, it determines the size of the destination stack and sets the stack
pointer for when execution resumes post-migration.  The runtime then begins
transformation, a frame at a time.

The runtime uses a combination of DWARF debugging information and
LLVM-generated live value location metadata to rewrite individual frames*.  The
runtime iterates over all live values at a transformation site, copying
variables from their current location to the destination stack.  The runtime
also fixes up pointers to the stack so that they point to the correct stack
memory after migration.  After the runtime finishes copying values between
frames, it reads the frame unwinding procedure for each architecture and pops
the frame from the stack.  If the runtime encounters a value live in a register
saved as part of this procedure (e.g., in the function's epilogue), it
propagates the value down the call chain and puts it in the correct register
save slot on the stack.

After transformation has finished, the runtime copies out the transformed
register state needed to resume execution post-migration.  This includes the
transformaed stack and frame pointer, the instruction pointer, and any required
architecture-specific registers (e.g., the link register for aarch64).

In Progress: on-demand stack transformation, i.e., only transforming frames as
needed when returng back through the call chain

* The runtime can also use DWARF metadata to provide variable location
  information, but this information is incomplete (gcc) or erroneous (LLVM)
  unless compiling without optimizations, i.e., with -O0

NOTE: the stack transformation library has been tested with GCC v4.8 and
libdwarf v4, which can be downloaded from:

	http://www.prevanders.net/dwarf.html

As of Ubuntu 14.04, Ubuntu only includes libdwarf v3 in the official
repositories which is incompatible (GCC 4.8 emits DWARF v4 debugging info).

